README.md, before:

# Unity MCP ✨


[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-000000?style=flat&logo=unity&logoColor=blue 'Unity')](https://unity.com/releases/editor/archive)
[![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.12-3776AB.svg?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org)
[![](https://badge.mcpx.dev?status=on 'MCP Enabled')](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/introduction)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/justinpbarnett/unity-mcp)
![GitHub Issues or Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/justinpbarnett/unity-mcp)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-red.svg 'MIT License')](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)




**Create your Unity apps with LLMs!**

Unity MCP acts as a bridge, allowing AI assistants (like Claude, Cursor) to interact directly with your Unity Editor via a local **MCP (Model Context Protocol) Client**. Give your LLM tools to manage assets, control scenes, edit scripts, and automate tasks within Unity.

---


## Key Features 🚀

*   **🗣️ Natural Language Control:** Instruct your LLM to perform Unity tasks.
*   **🛠️ Powerful Tools:** Manage assets, scenes, materials, scripts, and editor functions.
*   **🤖 Automation:** Automate repetitive Unity workflows.
*   **🧩 Extensible:** Designed to work with various MCP Clients.

<details open>
  <summary><strong> Available Tools </strong></summary>

  Your LLM can use functions like:

  *   `read_console`: Gets messages from or clears the console.
  *   `manage_script`: Manages C# scripts (create, read, update, delete).
  *   `manage_editor`: Controls and queries the editor's state and settings.
  *   `manage_scene`: Manages scenes (load, save, create, get hierarchy, etc.).
  *   `manage_asset`: Performs asset operations (import, create, modify, delete, etc.).
  *   `manage_shader`: Performs shader CRUD operations (create, read, modify, delete).
  *   `manage_gameobject`: Manages GameObjects: create, modify, delete, find, and component operations.
  *   `execute_menu_item`: Executes a menu item via its path (e.g., "File/Save Project").
</details>

---

## How It Works 🤔

Unity MCP connects your tools using two components:

1.  **Unity MCP Bridge:** A Unity package running inside the Editor. (Installed via Package Manager).
2.  **Unity MCP Server:** A Python server that runs locally, communicating between the Unity Bridge and your MCP Client. (Installed manually).

**Flow:** `[Your LLM via MCP Client] <-> [Unity MCP Server (Python)] <-> [Unity MCP Bridge (Unity Editor)]`

---

## Installation ⚙️

> **Note:** The setup is constantly improving as we update the package. Check back if you randomly start to run into issues.

### Prerequisites


  *   **Git CLI:** For cloning the server code. [Download Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
  *   **Python:** Version 3.12 or newer. [Download Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  *   **Unity Hub & Editor:** Version 2020.3 LTS or newer. [Download Unity](https://unity.com/download)
  *   **uv (Python package manager):**
      ```bash
      pip install uv
      # Or see: https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/
      ```
  *   **An MCP Client:**
      *   [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download)
      *   [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/en/downloads)
      *   [Visual Studio Code Copilot](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/overview)
      *   *(Others may work with manual config)*
 *    <details> <summary><strong>[Optional] Roslyn for Advanced Script Validation</strong></summary>

        For **Strict** validation level that catches undefined namespaces, types, and methods: 

        **Method 1: NuGet for Unity (Recommended)**
        1. Install [NuGetForUnity](https://github.com/GlitchEnzo/NuGetForUnity)
        2. Go to `Window > NuGet Package Manager`
        3. Search for `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp` and install the package
        5. Go to `Player Settings > Scripting Define Symbols`
        6. Add `USE_ROSLYN`
        7. Restart Unity

        **Method 2: Manual DLL Installation**
        1. Download Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll and dependencies from [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp/)
        2. Place DLLs in `Assets/Plugins/` folder
        3. Ensure .NET compatibility settings are correct
        4. Add `USE_ROSLYN` to Scripting Define Symbols
        5. Restart Unity
        
        **Note:** Without Roslyn, script validation falls back to basic structural checks. Roslyn enables full C# compiler diagnostics with precise error reporting.</details>


### Step 1: Install the Unity Package (Bridge)

1.  Open your Unity project.
2.  Go to `Window > Package Manager`.
3.  Click `+` -> `Add package from git URL...`.
4.  Enter:
    ```
    https://github.com/justinpbarnett/unity-mcp.git?path=/UnityMcpBridge
    ```
5.  Click `Add`.
6. The MCP Server should automatically be installed onto your machine as a result of this process.

### Step 2: Configure Your MCP Client

Connect your MCP Client (Claude, Cursor, etc.) to the Python server you installed in Step 1.

<img width="609" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cef3a639-4677-4fd8-84e7-2d82a04d55bb" />

**Option A: Auto-Configure (Recommended for Claude/Cursor/VSC Copilot)**

1.  In Unity, go to `Window > Unity MCP`.
2.  Click `Auto Configure` on the IDE you uses.
3.  Look for a green status indicator 🟢 and "Connected". *(This attempts to modify the MCP Client's config file automatically)*.

**Option B: Manual Configuration**

If Auto-Configure fails or you use a different client:

1.  **Find your MCP Client's configuration file.** (Check client documentation).
    *   *Claude Example (macOS):* `~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`
    *   *Claude Example (Windows):* `%APPDATA%\Claude\claude_desktop_config.json`
2.  **Edit the file** to add/update the `mcpServers` section, using the *exact* paths from Step 1.

<details>
<summary><strong>Click for OS-Specific JSON Configuration Snippets...</strong></summary>

**Windows:**

  ```json
  {
    "mcpServers": {
      "UnityMCP": {
        "command": "uv",
        "args": [
          "run",
          "--directory",
          "C:\\Users\\YOUR_USERNAME\\AppData\\Local\\Programs\\UnityMCP\\UnityMcpServer\\src",
          "server.py"
        ]
      }
      // ... other servers might be here ...
    }
  }
``` 

(Remember to replace YOUR_USERNAME and use double backslashes \\)

**macOS:**

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "UnityMCP": {
      "command": "uv",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "--directory",
        "/usr/local/bin/UnityMCP/UnityMcpServer/src",
        "server.py"
      ]
    }
    // ... other servers might be here ...
  }
}
```
(Replace YOUR_USERNAME if using ~/bin)

**Linux:**

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "UnityMCP": {
      "command": "uv",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "--directory",
        "/home/YOUR_USERNAME/bin/UnityMCP/UnityMcpServer/src",
        "server.py"
      ]
    }
    // ... other servers might be here ...
  }
}
```

(Replace YOUR_USERNAME)

</details>

---

## Usage ▶️

1. **Open your Unity Project.** The Unity MCP Bridge (package) should connect automatically. Check status via Window > Unity MCP.
    
2. **Start your MCP Client** (Claude, Cursor, etc.). It should automatically launch the Unity MCP Server (Python) using the configuration from Installation Step 3.
    
3. **Interact!** Unity tools should now be available in your MCP Client.
    
    Example Prompt: `Create a 3D player controller`, `Create a yellow and bridge sun`, `Create a cool shader and apply it on a cube`.
    
---

## Future Dev Plans (Besides PR) 📝

### 🔴 High Priority
- [ ] **Asset Generation Improvements** - Enhanced server request handling and asset pipeline optimization
- [ ] **Code Generation Enhancements** - Improved generated code quality and error handling
- [ ] **Robust Error Handling** - Comprehensive error messages, recovery mechanisms, and graceful degradation
- [ ] **Remote Connection Support** - Enable seamless remote connection between Unity host and MCP server
- [ ] **Documentation Expansion** - Complete tutorials for custom tool creation and API reference

### 🟡 Medium Priority
- [ ] **Custom Tool Creation GUI** - Visual interface for users to create and configure their own MCP tools
- [ ] **Advanced Logging System** - Logging with filtering, export, and debugging capabilities

### 🟢 Low Priority
- [ ] **Mobile Platform Support** - Extended toolset for mobile development workflows and platform-specific features
- [ ] **Easier Tool Setup**
- [ ] **Plugin Marketplace** - Community-driven tool sharing and distribution platform

<details open>
  <summary><strong>✅ Completed Features<strong></summary>
  
  - [x] **Shader Generation** - Generate shaders using CGProgram template
  - [x] **Advanced Script Validation** - Multi-level validation with semantic analysis, namespace/type checking, and Unity best practices (Will need Roslyn Installed, see [Prerequisite](#prerequisites)).
</details>

### 🔬 Research & Exploration
- [ ] **AI-Powered Asset Generation** - Integration with AI tools for automatic 3D models, textures, and animations
- [ ] **Real-time Collaboration** - Live editing sessions between multiple developers *(Currently in progress)*
- [ ] **Analytics Dashboard** - Usage analytics, project insights, and performance metrics
- [ ] **Voice Commands** - Voice-controlled Unity operations for accessibility
- [ ] **AR/VR Tool Integration** - Extended support for immersive development workflows

---

## Contributing 🤝

Help make Unity MCP better!

1. **Fork** the main repository.
    
2. **Create a branch** (`feature/your-idea` or `bugfix/your-fix`).
    
3. **Make changes.**
    
4. **Commit** (feat: Add cool new feature).
    
5. **Push** your branch.
    
6. **Open a Pull Request** against the master branch.
    

---

## Troubleshooting ❓

<details>  
<summary><strong>Click to view common issues and fixes...</strong></summary>  

- **Unity Bridge Not Running/Connecting:**
    
    - Ensure Unity Editor is open.
        
    - Check the status window: Window > Unity MCP.
        
    - Restart Unity.
        
- **MCP Client Not Connecting / Server Not Starting:**
    
    - **Verify Server Path:** Double-check the --directory path in your MCP Client's JSON config. It must exactly match the location where you cloned the UnityMCP repository in Installation Step 1 (e.g., .../Programs/UnityMCP/UnityMcpServer/src).
        
    - **Verify uv:** Make sure uv is installed and working (pip show uv).
        
    - **Run Manually:** Try running the server directly from the terminal to see errors: `# Navigate to the src directory first! cd /path/to/your/UnityMCP/UnityMcpServer/src uv run server.py`
        
    - **Permissions (macOS/Linux):** If you installed the server in a system location like /usr/local/bin, ensure the user running the MCP client has permission to execute uv and access files there. Installing in ~/bin might be easier.
        
- **Auto-Configure Failed:**
    
    - Use the Manual Configuration steps. Auto-configure might lack permissions to write to the MCP client's config file.
        

</details>  

Still stuck? [Open an Issue](https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&q=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fjustinpbarnett%2Funity-mcp%2Fissues) or [Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/vhTUxXaqYr)!

---

## Contact 👋

- **justinpbarnett:** [X/Twitter](https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&q=https%3A%2F%2Fx.com%2Fjustinpbarnett)
- **scriptwonder**: [Email](mailto:swu85@ur.rochester.edu), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shutong-wu-214043172/)
    

---

## License 📜

MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&q=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fjustinpbarnett%2Funity-mcp%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2FLICENSE) file.

---

## Acknowledgments 🙏

Thanks to the contributors and the Unity team.


## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=justinpbarnett/unity-mcp&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#justinpbarnett/unity-mcp&Date)

Commit message:

Add WSL support and configuration utilities
Introduces WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) configuration support for Unity MCP, including automatic Windows host IP detection, new WSL Configuration window in Unity Editor, and environment variable options. Adds WslConfigHelper utility, test_connection.py for connectivity testing, and updates documentation and package versions to reflect these enhancements.

README.md, after:

# Unity MCP ✨


[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-000000?style=flat&logo=unity&logoColor=blue 'Unity')](https://unity.com/releases/editor/archive)
[![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.12-3776AB.svg?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org)
[![](https://badge.mcpx.dev?status=on 'MCP Enabled')](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/introduction)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/justinpbarnett/unity-mcp)
![GitHub Issues or Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/justinpbarnett/unity-mcp)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-red.svg 'MIT License')](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)




**Create your Unity apps with LLMs!**

Unity MCP acts as a bridge, allowing AI assistants (like Claude, Cursor) to interact directly with your Unity Editor via a local **MCP (Model Context Protocol) Client**. Give your LLM tools to manage assets, control scenes, edit scripts, and automate tasks within Unity.

---


## Key Features 🚀

*   **🗣️ Natural Language Control:** Instruct your LLM to perform Unity tasks.
*   **🛠️ Powerful Tools:** Manage assets, scenes, materials, scripts, and editor functions.
*   **🤖 Automation:** Automate repetitive Unity workflows.
*   **🧩 Extensible:** Designed to work with various MCP Clients.

<details open>
  <summary><strong> Available Tools </strong></summary>

  Your LLM can use functions like:

  *   `read_console`: Gets messages from or clears the console.
  *   `manage_script`: Manages C# scripts (create, read, update, delete).
  *   `manage_editor`: Controls and queries the editor's state and settings.
  *   `manage_scene`: Manages scenes (load, save, create, get hierarchy, etc.).
  *   `manage_asset`: Performs asset operations (import, create, modify, delete, etc.).
  *   `manage_shader`: Performs shader CRUD operations (create, read, modify, delete).
  *   `manage_gameobject`: Manages GameObjects: create, modify, delete, find, and component operations.
  *   `execute_menu_item`: Executes a menu item via its path (e.g., "File/Save Project").
</details>

---

## How It Works 🤔

Unity MCP connects your tools using two components:

1.  **Unity MCP Bridge:** A Unity package running inside the Editor. (Installed via Package Manager).
2.  **Unity MCP Server:** A Python server that runs locally, communicating between the Unity Bridge and your MCP Client. (Installed manually).

### New in v2.0.2: WSL Support 🐧
- Enhanced WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) configuration
- Automatic Windows host IP detection from WSL
- New WSL Configuration window in Unity Editor
- Support for `claude mcp add` and `claude mcp add-json` commands with WSL options
- Environment variable configuration for custom host IPs

**Flow:** `[Your LLM via MCP Client] <-> [Unity MCP Server (Python)] <-> [Unity MCP Bridge (Unity Editor)]`

---

## Installation ⚙️

> **Note:** The setup is constantly improving as we update the package. Check back if you randomly start to run into issues.

### Prerequisites


  *   **Git CLI:** For cloning the server code. [Download Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
  *   **Python:** Version 3.12 or newer. [Download Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  *   **Unity Hub & Editor:** Version 2020.3 LTS or newer. [Download Unity](https://unity.com/download)
  *   **uv (Python package manager):**
      ```bash
      pip install uv
      # Or see: https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/
      ```
  *   **An MCP Client:**
      *   [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download)
      *   [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/en/downloads)
      *   [Visual Studio Code Copilot](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/overview)
      *   *(Others may work with manual config)*
 *    <details> <summary><strong>[Optional] Roslyn for Advanced Script Validation</strong></summary>

        For **Strict** validation level that catches undefined namespaces, types, and methods: 

        **Method 1: NuGet for Unity (Recommended)**
        1. Install [NuGetForUnity](https://github.com/GlitchEnzo/NuGetForUnity)
        2. Go to `Window > NuGet Package Manager`
        3. Search for `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp` and install the package
        5. Go to `Player Settings > Scripting Define Symbols`
        6. Add `USE_ROSLYN`
        7. Restart Unity

        **Method 2: Manual DLL Installation**
        1. Download Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll and dependencies from [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp/)
        2. Place DLLs in `Assets/Plugins/` folder
        3. Ensure .NET compatibility settings are correct
        4. Add `USE_ROSLYN` to Scripting Define Symbols
        5. Restart Unity
        
        **Note:** Without Roslyn, script validation falls back to basic structural checks. Roslyn enables full C# compiler diagnostics with precise error reporting.</details>


### Step 1: Install the Unity Package (Bridge)

1.  Open your Unity project.
2.  Go to `Window > Package Manager`.
3.  Click `+` -> `Add package from git URL...`.
4.  Enter:
    ```
    https://github.com/justinpbarnett/unity-mcp.git?path=/UnityMcpBridge
    ```
5.  Click `Add`.
6. The MCP Server should automatically be installed onto your machine as a result of this process.

### Step 2: Configure Your MCP Client

Connect your MCP Client (Claude, Cursor, etc.) to the Python server you installed in Step 1.

<img width="609" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cef3a639-4677-4fd8-84e7-2d82a04d55bb" />

**Option A: Auto-Configure (Recommended for Claude/Cursor/VSC Copilot)**

1.  In Unity, go to `Window > Unity MCP`.
2.  Click `Auto Configure` on the IDE you uses.
3.  Look for a green status indicator 🟢 and "Connected". *(This attempts to modify the MCP Client's config file automatically)*.

**Option B: Manual Configuration**

If Auto-Configure fails or you use a different client:

1.  **Find your MCP Client's configuration file.** (Check client documentation).
    *   *Claude Example (macOS):* `~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`
    *   *Claude Example (Windows):* `%APPDATA%\Claude\claude_desktop_config.json`
2.  **Edit the file** to add/update the `mcpServers` section, using the *exact* paths from Step 1.

<details>
<summary><strong>Click for OS-Specific JSON Configuration Snippets...</strong></summary>

**Windows:**

  ```json
  {
    "mcpServers": {
      "UnityMCP": {
        "command": "uv",
        "args": [
          "run",
          "--directory",
          "C:\\Users\\YOUR_USERNAME\\AppData\\Local\\Programs\\UnityMCP\\UnityMcpServer\\src",
          "server.py"
        ]
      }
      // ... other servers might be here ...
    }
  }
``` 

(Remember to replace YOUR_USERNAME and use double backslashes \\)

**macOS:**

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "UnityMCP": {
      "command": "uv",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "--directory",
        "/usr/local/bin/UnityMCP/UnityMcpServer/src",
        "server.py"
      ]
    }
    // ... other servers might be here ...
  }
}
```
(Replace YOUR_USERNAME if using ~/bin)

**Linux:**

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "UnityMCP": {
      "command": "uv",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "--directory",
        "/home/YOUR_USERNAME/bin/UnityMCP/UnityMcpServer/src",
        "server.py"
      ]
    }
    // ... other servers might be here ...
  }
}
```

(Replace YOUR_USERNAME)

</details>

---

## Usage ▶️

1. **Open your Unity Project.** The Unity MCP Bridge (package) should connect automatically. Check status via Window > Unity MCP.
    
2. **Start your MCP Client** (Claude, Cursor, etc.). It should automatically launch the Unity MCP Server (Python) using the configuration from Installation Step 3.
    
3. **Interact!** Unity tools should now be available in your MCP Client.
    
    Example Prompt: `Create a 3D player controller`, `Create a yellow and bridge sun`, `Create a cool shader and apply it on a cube`.
    
---

## Future Dev Plans (Besides PR) 📝

### 🔴 High Priority
- [ ] **Asset Generation Improvements** - Enhanced server request handling and asset pipeline optimization
- [ ] **Code Generation Enhancements** - Improved generated code quality and error handling
- [ ] **Robust Error Handling** - Comprehensive error messages, recovery mechanisms, and graceful degradation
- [ ] **Remote Connection Support** - Enable seamless remote connection between Unity host and MCP server
- [ ] **Documentation Expansion** - Complete tutorials for custom tool creation and API reference

### 🟡 Medium Priority
- [ ] **Custom Tool Creation GUI** - Visual interface for users to create and configure their own MCP tools
- [ ] **Advanced Logging System** - Logging with filtering, export, and debugging capabilities

### 🟢 Low Priority
- [ ] **Mobile Platform Support** - Extended toolset for mobile development workflows and platform-specific features
- [ ] **Easier Tool Setup**
- [ ] **Plugin Marketplace** - Community-driven tool sharing and distribution platform

<details open>
  <summary><strong>✅ Completed Features<strong></summary>
  
  - [x] **Shader Generation** - Generate shaders using CGProgram template
  - [x] **Advanced Script Validation** - Multi-level validation with semantic analysis, namespace/type checking, and Unity best practices (Will need Roslyn Installed, see [Prerequisite](#prerequisites)).
</details>

### 🔬 Research & Exploration
- [ ] **AI-Powered Asset Generation** - Integration with AI tools for automatic 3D models, textures, and animations
- [ ] **Real-time Collaboration** - Live editing sessions between multiple developers *(Currently in progress)*
- [ ] **Analytics Dashboard** - Usage analytics, project insights, and performance metrics
- [ ] **Voice Commands** - Voice-controlled Unity operations for accessibility
- [ ] **AR/VR Tool Integration** - Extended support for immersive development workflows

---

## Contributing 🤝

Help make Unity MCP better!

1. **Fork** the main repository.
    
2. **Create a branch** (`feature/your-idea` or `bugfix/your-fix`).
    
3. **Make changes.**
    
4. **Commit** (feat: Add cool new feature).
    
5. **Push** your branch.
    
6. **Open a Pull Request** against the master branch.
    

---

## Troubleshooting ❓

<details>  
<summary><strong>Click to view common issues and fixes...</strong></summary>  

- **Unity Bridge Not Running/Connecting:**
    
    - Ensure Unity Editor is open.
        
    - Check the status window: Window > Unity MCP.
        
    - Restart Unity.
        
- **MCP Client Not Connecting / Server Not Starting:**
    
    - **Verify Server Path:** Double-check the --directory path in your MCP Client's JSON config. It must exactly match the location where you cloned the UnityMCP repository in Installation Step 1 (e.g., .../Programs/UnityMCP/UnityMcpServer/src).
        
    - **Verify uv:** Make sure uv is installed and working (pip show uv).
        
    - **Run Manually:** Try running the server directly from the terminal to see errors: `# Navigate to the src directory first! cd /path/to/your/UnityMCP/UnityMcpServer/src uv run server.py`
        
    - **Permissions (macOS/Linux):** If you installed the server in a system location like /usr/local/bin, ensure the user running the MCP client has permission to execute uv and access files there. Installing in ~/bin might be easier.
        
- **Auto-Configure Failed:**
    
    - Use the Manual Configuration steps. Auto-configure might lack permissions to write to the MCP client's config file.
        
- **WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) Configuration:**
    
    - **Unity Running on Windows, MCP Server in WSL:** The server automatically detects the Windows host IP. If connection fails:
        
        - Set the `UNITY_HOST` environment variable: `export UNITY_HOST=100.112.45.43` (use your Tailscale IP or Windows host IP)
        
        - Alternatively, set `WSL_INTEROP_IP`: `export WSL_INTEROP_IP=172.30.64.1` (use your WSL-to-Windows IP)
        
        - Find your Windows host IP from WSL: `ip route show default | awk '{print $3}'`
        
        - Ensure Windows Firewall allows connections on port 6400 from WSL subnet
        
        - **Path Conversion:** Windows paths (e.g., `C:\Users\username\...`) are automatically converted to WSL format (e.g., `/mnt/c/Users/username/...`)
        
        - Use the WSL Configuration window in Unity Editor: `Window > Unity MCP > WSL Configuration`

</details>  

Still stuck? [Open an Issue](https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&q=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fjustinpbarnett%2Funity-mcp%2Fissues) or [Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/vhTUxXaqYr)!

---

## Contact 👋

- **justinpbarnett:** [X/Twitter](https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&q=https%3A%2F%2Fx.com%2Fjustinpbarnett)
- **scriptwonder**: [Email](mailto:swu85@ur.rochester.edu), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shutong-wu-214043172/)
    

---

## License 📜

MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&q=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fjustinpbarnett%2Funity-mcp%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2FLICENSE) file.

---

## Acknowledgments 🙏

Thanks to the contributors and the Unity team.


## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=justinpbarnett/unity-mcp&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#justinpbarnett/unity-mcp&Date)
